Link to finished Codepen: https://codepen.io/danielleyvette/pen/QWgNbOp?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is the standard markup language for creating Web Pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide editional information about elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is a Heading tag. It defines the largest heading and should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The a tag requires an href attribute, and the the img tag requires an src attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put a title
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is an HTML attribute that is used to specify a unique id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can't have more than one element with the same id
    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you need.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="" target="_blank">...</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to provide alternative text for an image, it should be used to describe the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 